morning. Super quick
stream, then I'm getting breakfast and
I'll be back for the whole day.
Um, which one of these do we use?
Actually, we have some more.
check. It's got a very low coefficient
on here.
256 archive
01. So min loss coefficient
You need to sleep, bro. What do you
mean? I get lots of
sleep. Like I was what is it? I was
working until like 10 or whatever. 10
something. Went to sleep at 11:00. Woke
up at like 7:15, 7:20. Went for a run.
did a couple things and now I'm here and
I'm only here for a half hour or so
before breakfast and then I'll be back
for the rest of the day.
loss? Yeah. Let's see if this
replicates.
03 is not bad on
physics. Didn't actually need to see the
original
paper. Well, it might have been trained
on the paper,
right? A chapter of frenthesis and
probed it. Why the heck is it like any
good at math if it sucks so badly at
programming?
Yeah, it's funny because historically
it's been the opposite, right? You would
think that you could have AI be very
good at symbolic manipulation, I like
classic methods
are, but it seems like the new fangled
AI is
bad at that
and better at like concept stuff, but
it's not even because it it still screws
up. At least I I mean I use Grock, what
is it? Grock 3 beta and it screws stuff
up
constantly. Hey Nant, how's it
going? We were just here for a half hour
quick stream checking results, running a
few things, thinking about what to do
today. Then I'm getting breakfast and
then I will be back for the whole day.
They thought it would be harder to
replicate the
artists, the
engineers. I don't
know. I still would um I mean, I'm still
going to be hiring artists whenever we
need huffer stuff
done. They will actually take feedback
and do stuff based on it.
This is a very solid learning curve for
snake.
Why don't we check on neural MMO in the
meantime?
Oh,
see
here's Yeah, very well close to the
original there. Fine.
could have been
trained. I mean, is there no version of
the paper that's open access? But yeah,
probably they're training on
papers. I wouldn't be surprised at
all. People keep posting like, "Oh, GPT
creates snake." I wouldn't be surprised
it's trained on my snake code.
I mean there's so many implementations
of that
Good. Uh, why did my experiment
not why is this Check out
above anything
512 hidden size impulse wars went
well on par but train faster. Yeah, you
should get like a decent little
Which keyboard do I
use? This is
uh Razer Black Widow V4 75% with orange
switches. Pretty much all the
peripherals I have are
Razer. They make good stuff and it
tangibly gets better every generation,
which is not true of most things. Like
this keyboard is noticeably better than
the V3 or
V2. It's got like a much denser frame.
It's got like a better, more durable
wrist rest. It's
good. When I have a bit of time, I'm
going to try to do a sweep where the
amount of training time against sting
duck sweep the amount of time and then
scripted bot back to
back. Yeah, you can do
that. I mean, we have so much new stuff.
Are you on Muan yet,
Captain? If you're not on Muan yet, you
should be.
Did you get any like did you get
anything out of
weird. It seemed like it was way better
for me.
And just make sure is this actually
doing
anything. I got in 80% by doing
curriculum learning with
Adam. I see. Yeah, you should definitely
do head-to-head versus Adam because I've
at least gotten a lot out of
Milan. It seems
good. So, I want to make sure Curious
like Dian actually doing
anything. It definitely trains in fewer
steps than Adam. Okay, that's something
then.
me open up
uh term in the
meantime. So, this one is done. We have
enough runs from this.
Uh, so that's
actually Yeah, Dian's not doing anything
here. Okay, that's unfortunate.
So then how is it that
I was about to like add this to neural
MMO 3, but now it's like
It shouldn't be meaningfully increasing
the network capacity, right?
I guess. Do you expect this to do more
on like maze or
something? which is like a hard
exploration
task. There's something weird here
because it didn't used to do this well.
Yeah. So this is definitely then the
same with or without right
This must have just been like a
combination of other
factors. Oh well, Oreo is hard. I make
mistakes once in a
while. Make sure the model size makes
sense at 152. Okay.
It's really It's supposed to help on
like hard exploration tasks, right?
matching.
Well, I don't know. I kind of want to
let this one
run. Let me go get the other box that I
have, which I think is
I'm trying to map out what we do
today in my head
here. I have some algo stuff and I have
some infra stuff that I have in
mind. I think we'll just see when I'm
back from breakfast which one I want to
start
with. Good stuff all around though.
Check a couple messages. See how
meetings
are. No
meetings. I have one guy who I'm sure
will want to chat later today.
screwed. I have to go check on box
six some point
today. Is there anything I can run on
the other box in the meanwhile?
We
definitely need to do any of
this. We can leave this as
that. Do they put it after every
layer?
Actually, I think Kyouung had
uh some experiments we can use.
This just gets us like an extra
experiment
going and we'll still have a spare box
or
two. Okay, we'll probably go at any
second
here. Yeah, but that'll be that'll be
set
now. So, we have a good snake model.
Um, but Diane didn't really do anything
for it.
So I think things to do today are going
to
be there is some engineering on the end
binding so that we can actually use our
grid and other ms that we want to
use. We have some two different classes
of Perf optimizations to get the Perf
back to what it was before this new dev
merge. Um maybe even a little higher
actually once we do that
optimization. And then there's stuff to
investigate on
Diane. I don't know if we'll have time
for this, but the one other thing I
wanted to look at
flow? I thought that Alpha Star was the
fast slow iron end. Maybe it was
Xand or maybe it was capture the flag.
There was like a pretty cool thing in
here that I thought was
decent. Let me see if there's an
ablation on it.
Yeah, they've got like these
oblation. Yep. Okay, I got to go. I'll
be back in uh half hour, 45 minutes.
Thanks folks. See you soon. Bye.